A. Introduction
A.1. Background information
Mexico City is one of the largest cities in the world, with a population of over 8 million people living within the city limits. The city is home to one of the most heavily used metro systems in the world, officially called the Sistema de Transporte Colectivo, that services more than 1.5 billion passengers per year. As the oldest capital city in the Americas, Mexico City has both world- class museums and archeological sites as well as all the amenities of a modern metropolitan center, from restaurants to city parks to night life. 
All of this leads the city to be quite overwhelming for new residents and businesses to make sense of. As an expat living in Mexico City, I’m interested in developing a way for new businesses and residents to better understand the city in order to ultimately decide on where to establish themselves. New residents might be interested in finding an affordable location with plenty of transportation and things to do. New businesses might want to be close to transportation and other popular destinations within the city while minimizing their cost of operation. By using the available data as explained below, I develop an interactive map including information on transportation, real estate prices, and popular destinations.
A.2. Data 
For this project I use:
Datos Abiertos Ciudad de México – The Mexico City government publishes data on the names and locations of metro stops and the names and locations of each borough within the city at datos.cdmx.gob.mx. 
Propiedades.com – This property database works like Zillow. Anyone offering a property for rent or sale can post an ad, and interested renters or buyers can search. With this data, the site publishes the median price of all homes currently for sale on their site by searchable location. I used this tool to create a file of the median home price within each Mexico City borough on the date of my search, May 28, 2019.
Foursquare – The Foursquare developer portal allows for users to filter by location and tag to extract GPS coordinates, popularity, venue type, and other relevant features. 
